# The Metroverse

## by the Growth Lab at Harvard's Center for International Development

> This package is part of Harvard Growth Lab’s portfolio of software packages, digital products and interactive data visualizations. To browse our entire portfolio, please visit The Viz Hub at [growthlab.app](https://growthlab.app/). To learn more about our research, please visit [Harvard Growth Lab’s](https://growthlab.cid.harvard.edu/) home page.

License - [Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) © [The President and Fellows of Harvard College](https://www.harvard.edu/)


## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#gettingstarted)
- [Primary Technologies](#primarytechnologies)
- [Deployments](#deployments)
- [Style Guide](#styleguide)
- [Utilities and Global Styling](#utilitiesandglobalstyling)
    - [Utility Functions](#utilityfunctions)
    - [Global Styling](#globalstyling)
- [Custom NPM packages](#customnpmpackages)
    - [react-canvas-treemap](#reactcanvastreemap)
    - [react-city-space-mapbox](#reactcityspacemapbox)
    - [react-comparison-bar-chart](#reactcomparisonbarchart)
    - [react-fast-charts](#reactfastcharts)
    - [react-panel-search](#reactpanelsearch)
    - [react-pswot-plot](#reactpswotplot)
    - [react-vertical-bar-chart](#reactverticalbarchart)
- [App Sections](#appsections)
    - [Landing Page](#landingpage)
    - [Informational Pages](#informationalpages)
    - [City Profiles](#cityprofiles)


<a name="gettingstarted"/>

## Getting started

Once this repo has been cloned, navigate to the directory via command line and run

`npm install`

This will install all of your dependencies.

Next, at the root directory create a `.env` file. Within the `.env` file, include the following contents (with the `XXXX` replaced by the corresponding variable values):

```
REACT_APP_API_URL=XXXX
REACT_APP_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=XXXX
```

You can now run the project locally with

`npm start`

You should now be able to see the project running at localhost:3000

As you work on projects on this repo, make sure to run 

`npm run lint:fix`

before pushing any code to make sure it keeps consistent standards.

<a name="primarytechnologies"/>

## Primary Technologies

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<a name="#deployments"/>

## Deployments

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<a name="#styleguide"/>

## Style Guide

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<a name="#utilitiesandglobalstyling"/>

## Utilities and Global Styling

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<a name="#utilityfunctions"/>

### Utility Functions

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#globalstyling"/>

### Global Styling

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#customnpmpackages"/>

## Custom NPM packages

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<a name="#reactcanvastreemap"/>

### react-canvas-treemap

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#reactcityspacemapbox"/>

### react-city-space-mapbox

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#reactcomparisonbarchart"/>

### react-comparison-bar-chart

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#reactfastcharts"/>

### react-fast-charts

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#reactpanelsearch"/>

### react-panel-search

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#reactpswotplot"/>

### react-pswot-plot

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#reactverticalbarchart"/>

### react-vertical-bar-chart

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#appsections"/>

## App Sections

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<a name="#landingpage"/>

### Landing Page

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#informationalpages"/>

### Informational Pages

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.

<a name="#cityprofiles"/>

### City Profiles

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.
